Feature/main restructure (#795)
MapsPeople/docs: src/data/booking/booking-android.md

Depending on the Booking provider, the participants will receive invites for an event created by this Booking request.

> > By default, the `MPBookingService` performs anonymous bookings using a service account known to MapsIndoors. However, it is also possible to list, perform and cancel Bookings [on behalf of a user](http://docs.mapsindoors.com/data/booking/user-authenticated-booking-android/).

Reviewer: Links like these should be relative, using this trick:

```suggestion
> By default, the `MPBookingService` performs anonymous bookings using a service account known to MapsIndoors. However, it is also possible to list, perform and cancel Bookings [on behalf of a user]({{ site.url }}/data/booking/user-authenticated-booking-android).
```

This way, the links are always relative to the base url, regardless of that being `docs.mapsindoors.com`, `localhost:8080` or anything else.
